    <section id="features">
        <h2>Suggested Features</h2>
        <div id="feature1">
            <h3>Feature 1</h3>
            <p>Feature description, reason and user story.</p>
            <ul>
                <li>Test Case</li>
                <!-- Add more test cases as needed -->
            </ul>
        </div>


a short description of the feature and why it would be useful to have 100 words

a user story describing how the feature works from a users point of view

a set of test cases, described using given when then conventions


a feature that was not fully implemented was a delete question answer function.
allowing the user to edit answers to questions and save the answers 



User-to-User Chat Functionality

Description and Reasoning:

This feature would enable users to chat directly with each other on the platform. At present, the primary interaction available to users involves the chatbot, which, while useful, provides a limited scope of interaction. Incorporating a user-to-user chat feature could substantially broaden this scope, fostering a dynamic community within the platform and creating additional engagement opportunities. By leveraging existing server-side and client-side functionalities for user registration and authentication, as well as session management, we could readily extend the platform to support user-to-user chats. Only minor changes to the structure of the chat route would be required. This would enhance the value of the app and provide an additional avenue for monetization. 

User Story:

As a user, I want to be able to chat with other users on the platform. After logging in, I should be able to select a user from a list or search by username. Upon selecting a user, a chat window should open where I can send and receive messages in real-time.

Test Cases:

    Given that I am a registered and authenticated user, when I select another user to chat with, then a chat window should open allowing me to send and receive messages.
    Given that I am in a chat with another user, when I type a message and hit send, then the message should appear in the chat window and also be visible to the other user.
    Given that I am in a chat with another user, when the other user sends a message, then that message should appear in my browser chat window in real-time.


upload multimedia files

during development we wanted to be able to have profile pictures and the ablility to send pictures between the user and the chat bot, by making calls to DALLIE we intedned to be able to
edit images and provide comentary on appearance.

the ability to drag and drop files exists in the javascript of the app but was never fully implemented


Multimedia Functionality

Description and Reasoning:

This feature would enable users to upload multimedia files, such as profile pictures and images for sharing with the chatbot. The rationale behind this feature is rooted in the desire for enhanced user interactivity and personalization. In the initial stages of development, plans were in place to allow image-based exchanges between users and the chatbot, as well as image editing capabilities via DALL-E integration. Despite existing drag-and-drop functionality within the app's JavaScript code, full implementation was never achieved. By realizing this feature, we could increase user engagement and satisfaction.

User Story:

As a user, I want to be able to upload my profile picture and share images with the chatbot. This means that after logging in, I should be able to navigate to my profile settings, select an image file from my device, and successfully upload it as my profile picture. Additionally, I should be able to send image files during chatbot interactions, with the chatbot capable of providing image-based responses or commentary.

Test Cases:

Given that I am a registered and authenticated user, when I navigate to my profile settings and select an image file to upload as my profile picture, then the chosen image should be displayed as my profile picture on the platform.
Given that I am interacting with the chatbot, when I select an image file to share in the chat, then the image should appear in the chat window, visible to both me and the chatbot.
Given that I've shared an image file in the chatbot conversation, when the chatbot provides a response or commentary, then it should appear alongside the shared image in the chat window.
