topic 15: deploying the application
deploying via a linuxvirtual machine, your own server, or Heroku
gunicorn as a web server to run the flask app
NGINX is the external facing web server

difficulties of doing the web app in flask


overview and description of the app
The application is a 
uses API calls to OpenAI specifically chatgpt to create user specific dating profiles.

client side

server side

agile software process


unit outcomes
1	explain the key components that work together to enable the delivery of data and services on today's internet.
2	understand the technologies behind the terms and how they fit together, and back this up with examples of hands-on programming experience.
3	develop web applications using client side and server side technologies.
4	explain and apply agile project methodologies.

assessments
1   web application project
2   mid-semester test
3   final examination   (take home test)

topics 15 in order are
introduction
HTML hyper text markup language 
CSS cascading style sheets
bootstrap
Javascript
DOM document object model
JQuery, and AJAX 
agile Development
Flask applications
model view controller
authentication
testing
RESTful APIs 
Client side rendering 
deploying the application


As soon as you know what the project requires and when it is due, start early and plan ahead. This might involve creating a project timeline with specific milestones that you aim to achieve by certain dates. Recognize that not all tasks are equally important, so prioritize those that are most critical to the project's success. we emploied a strategy called group project treiage wherin scope is reduced as the deadline approaches. Each team member will likely have different strengths and weaknesses, play to the teams strengths. Maintain open lines of communication; if someone is struggling to meet a deadline, it's important they communicate this to the rest of the team as soon as possible.

<div id="advice1">
    <h2>Deadlines and Deliverables</h2>
    <p>
    As soon as you know what the project requires and when it is due, start early and plan ahead. This might involve creating a project timeline with specific milestones that you aim to achieve by certain dates. Recognize that not all tasks are equally important, so prioritize those that are most critical to the project's success. We employed a strategy called group project triage wherein scope is reduced as the deadline approaches. Each team member will likely have different strengths and weaknesses, play to the teams strengths. Maintain open lines of communication; if someone is struggling to meet a deadline, it's important they communicate this to the rest of the team as soon as possible.
    </p>
</div>
